# soad310-project2

My idea comes from the computational theory of mind that our mind is computation, applying rules or functions on symbols over and over again. When I reflected upon our usage of the Internet, the notion of the mind as computation surfaces everywhere, especially how we are expected to consume information. The Internet is essentially computation, and the theory states that our intelligence or creativity also stems from the process of composing symbols together. But as we see in thought experiments like the Chinese room, the computation itself doesn’t seem to give us meanings, but our mind which is supposed to operate on the computation derives a clear sense of meaning for us. Also, even if we agreed that lower level processes in our mind is computation, would our conscious self also be absorbed into the computation? Would immersing ourselves in the Internet space or becoming a cyborg change our nature as human, machine, or something else? So as a part of my website, users go through the process of this computation. They apply nested orbits to the symbols, which expresses the compositionality of the functions-- in theory, creativity and meanings emerge out of this. They don’t have a lot of choices in terms of interaction because it is the point that the computation is supposed to apply mundane functions on symbols. The symbols start with Greek letters but shift into visual entities and ideas input by the users. This process gives us a conscious experience of exploring the boundary between computation and humanness like creativity, meanings, and consciousness. The website finally gives you a final decision whether you think you are a machine or a human to pause users from the mechanized actions to reflect on their ontology. 
